square-payment.tsx:50 🔄 Initialisation simple de Square...
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 1/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 2/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 3/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 4/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 5/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 6/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 7/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 8/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 9/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 10/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 11/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 12/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 13/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 14/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 15/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 16/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 17/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 18/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 19/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:38 🔍 Tentative 20/20 - Recherche du conteneur...
square-payment.tsx:39 cardContainerRef.current: null
square-payment.tsx:40 Élément avec ID card-container: null
square-payment.tsx:44 📍 Résultat final - conteneur trouvé: false
square-payment.tsx:55 ❌ Conteneur non trouvé après attente